release: v1.37.0 (#4421)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_bnjjj_fix_4348.md

### Fix fragment spread response formatting ([Issue #4348](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/4348))

> When you had an inline fragment on an union type in a fragment spread, the response formatting was wrong.

Author: Hmm, "Response formatting was wrong" doesn't really explain the impact to me.   What was the impact on the user and that they would have seen?  How does this manifest?

> ### Fix fragment spread response formatting ([Issue #4348](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/4348))
> 
> When you had an inline fragment on an union type in a fragment spread, the response formatting was wrong.

Author: ```suggestion
### Abstract spreads in queried objects no longer returning erroneous nulls ([Issue #4348](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/4348))

When you had an inline fragment on an union type in a fragment spread the response returned to the client was not fully accurate against the schema, or the GraphQL specification, which resulted in client errors and unexpected `null` values (either on fields or objects whose members existed on other concrete types of the union).  This is now resolved and accounted for correctly, and additional tests have been added.
```
